Documented patch for Windows containers to be supported on Windows Server Standard Edition (#3539)
rancher/docs: content/rancher/v2.6/en/cluster-provisioning/rke-clusters/windows-clusters/_index.md

Kubernetes v1.15+ is required.

> > **Note:** Kubernetes v1.21 will now work with Windows 20H2 Standard by installing the patch "2019-08 Servicing Stack Update for Windows Server."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using Kubernetes v1.21 with Windows Server 20H2 Standard Core, the patch "2019-08 Servicing Stack Update for Windows Server" must be installed on the node.
```

The "will now work" part isn't completely accurate because it would have worked before if we had the patch installed, but we didn't know about that requirement.
